hello and welcome to Sony Ericsson
support in this video we'll discuss ways
to enhance the battery life of your x10
all phones running the Android operating
system including your Xperia x10 are
designed to be connected to the Internet
while this is great for reading mail or
news listening to streaming music or
watching online video you should be
aware that using these services will
affect the available battery life time
in your phone some examples are
applications that connect to the
internet on a schedule to update a list
of status messages email news or
applications that stream music or video
most applications that do this have an
option to change the refresh interval
sometimes called the update frequency or
set your updates to manual so that no
background network access takes place
look in the settings menu often found by
pressing the menu key in applications
and change the settings to update less
frequently if possible
other applications use auto sync to get
data to the phone which also reduces
battery type examples of this are google
mail calendar and contacts from the home
screen press the Menu key and tap
Settings tap data synchronization then
tap google sync uncheck this checkbox to
turn off auto synchronization this will
save battery but you will have to tap
calendar and contacts when you want to
synchronize them to disable
synchronization with Google Mail press
the back key and uncheck this check box
since Internet connectivity as a whole
can use a lot of battery a good way of
improving battery life is to turn off
all data connections we're not actively
using the phone to turn off data traffic
do the following from the home screen
press the Menu key and tap Settings tap
wireless controls and then mobile
networks uncheck the MMS and data
checkbox and tap ok this will disable
all internet access but also the ability
to receive mms to help you keep track of
which applications are using the battery
the most there is the battery usage menu
in your phone from the home screen press
the Menu key and tap Settings scroll
down and tap about phone and then
battery use a list of applications and
services appears and you can see which
ones are using the most power if you are
concerned about battery life you should
make a habit of checking this battery
information from time to time especially
after you have installed and used new
applications from the Android Market
now it's time for some quick tips that
can help you enhance battery type your
phone comes with a GPS receiver
excellent for services like Google Maps
or for geo-tagging and camera photos if
you are not using any of these services
however you could disable gps press the
Menu key tap settings and then location
then uncheck GPS satellites your phone
can also use wireless networks to work
out its position the service needs to
access a wireless network to confirm
your location at regular intervals and
can be turned on or off by unchecking
wireless networks if you find yourself
turning on and off different connections
often use the quick settings widget if
it is not present press and hold on the
home screen and tap widgets and then
quick settings finally it's worth
mentioning a few settings that do not
affect available battery life in a big
way since your phone automatically
changes display brightness manually
lowering the display brightness will not
do much for battery life also keeping
Wi-Fi or Bluetooth enabled when not
being used will only have a minor impact
on available battery life thank you for
taking the time to view this film you'll
find more information about your phone
by visiting the Xperia x10 support zone
where you can improve your user
experience